Update EIP datatype channel page (#704)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-channels/datatype-channel.md

# Datatype Channel

This page explains how you can implement a sample scenario of Datatype Channel EIP using WSO2 Micro Integrator.

> ## Introduction to Datatype Channel EIP

Reviewer: is EIP needed here?

The diagram below shows how to simulate the example scenario using the WSO2 MI.

![Data type channel]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-channels/datatype-channel.png)

Before digging into implementation details, let's take a look at the relationship between the example scenario and the Datatype Channel EIP by comparing their core components.

| Datatype Channel EIP (Figure 1) | Datatype Channel Example Scenario (Figure 2) |
|---------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Sender                          | Client                                       |
| Datatype Channel                | Switch and Sequence mediators specify which datatype channel to use. The Switch Mediator determines the appropriate datatype channel, and each datatype channel is defined as a Sequence Mediator.                                             |
| Receiver                        | Stock Quote Server Instance                  |

## Synapse configuration of the artifacts

!!! note

>     When you unzip the ZIP file you downloaded below in step 7 when simulating the sample scenario, you can find the below configurations in the `<UNZIPPED_FILE>/src/main/wso2mi/artifacts` directory. For more information about these artifacts, go to WSO2 MI Documentation.

Reviewer: 'For more information about these artifacts, go to WSO2 MI Documentation.' Let's point to synapse artifacts page, as we are already in MI docs

Reviewer: let's point to https://mi.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/develop/intro-integration-development/

>     When you unzip the ZIP file you downloaded below in step 7 when simulating the sample scenario, you can find the below configurations in the `<UNZIPPED_FILE>/src/main/wso2mi/artifacts` directory. For more information about these artifacts, go to [WSO2 MI Documentation](https://mi.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/develop/intro-integration-development/).

Reviewer: Let's give relative path

>     When you unzip the ZIP file you downloaded below in step 7 when simulating the sample scenario, you can find the below configurations in the `<UNZIPPED_FILE>/src/main/wso2mi/artifacts` directory. For more information about these artifacts, go to [WSO2 MI Documentation](https://mi.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/develop/intro-integration-development/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you unzip the ZIP file you downloaded below in step 7 when simulating the sample scenario, you can find the below configurations in the `<UNZIPPED_FILE>/src/main/wso2mi/artifacts` directory. For more information about these artifacts, go to go to [Develop Integration Solutions]({{base_path}}/develop/intro-integration-development/).
```
